Hello Fedotov themselves to be
at a high level
today I will show you how to sew
buttons with a special
kitchener car and definitely not accounted for
integrated cars was
here is this blockade and in this situation for
accommodation complex about like this
my four hole attempts
in the west of sewing buttons
adjust the line width in this way
so that it is equal to the previously measured
hole spacing button
before sew a button on a typewriter i
securing it to the fabric from the room which
then gave
lower part of licorice
his alliances
complex in place
now adjust the position of the coz
way so that the holes we
we will sew you were in line with
red is not the Crimea on the sides of the foot
before proceeding to the sychev necessarily
check the correct and the heads of the club benefit
hole
thanks for watching the result of life not
signed off taking delivery channel to them
all programs